[.AffymetrixCelFile [.AffymetrixCelSet [.AromaTabularBinaryFile
[.CnagCfhFile [.CnagCfhSet [.GdasAnnotationFile [.GdasAnnotationSet
[[.AffymetrixCelFile [[.AffymetrixCelSet [[.AromaTabularBinaryFile
[[.CnagCfhFile [[.CnagCfhSet [<-.AromaTabularBinaryFile addColorMap
addColorMap.ArrayExplorer addColorMap.SpatialReporter addExclCells
addExclCells.DChipQuantileNormalization addIncludes
addIncludes.Explorer addIndexFile addIndexFile.ChromosomeExplorer
addIndexFile.Explorer AffymetrixCsvFile
AffymetrixCsvGenomeInformation AffymetrixNetAffxCsvFile
AffymetrixTabularFile AffymetrixTsvFile allocate
allocate.AromaTabularBinaryFile allocateFromCdf
allocateFromCdf.AromaUflFile allocateFromCdf.AromaUgpFile
allocateFromCdf.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile annotateMvsA
annotateMvsA.AffymetrixCelFile append append.AffymetrixCelSet
append.CnagCfhSet append.default append.GenericDataFileSet
appendFiles appendFiles.GenericDataFileSet apply apply.default
apply.SampleAnnotationFile applyRegions
applyRegions.CopyNumberOutliers applyRows applyRows.CopyNumberRegions
applyToUnitIntensities applyToUnitIntensities.AffymetrixCelSet
AptCopyNumberPipeline AptProbesetGenotype AromaAffymetrix
AromaTabularBinaryFile AromaUflFile AromaUgpFile
AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile as.AffymetrixCelSet as.AffymetrixFileSet
as.character.AffymetrixCdfFile as.character.AffymetrixCelFile
as.character.AffymetrixCelSetReporter
as.character.AffymetrixCelSetTuple
as.character.AffymetrixFileSetReporter
as.character.AffymetrixPowerTools as.character.AffymetrixProbeTabFile
as.character.AptCopyNumberPipeline as.character.AptProbesetGenotype
as.character.AromaTabularBinaryFile as.character.ArrayExplorer
as.character.ChipEffectFile as.character.ChipEffectSet
as.character.ChromosomeExplorer as.character.CnagCfhFile
as.character.CopyNumberOutliers as.character.CopyNumberRegions
as.character.CopyNumberSegmentationModel as.character.CrlmmModel
as.character.DChipQuantileNormalization as.character.Explorer
as.character.FirmaModel as.character.GenericTabularFile
as.character.GenomeInformation as.character.GenotypeCallFile
as.character.Interface as.character.Model as.character.PlatformDesign
as.character.ProbeAffinityFile as.character.QualityAssessmentModel
as.character.RawCopyNumbers as.character.ResidualFile
as.character.ResidualSet as.character.SnpInformation
as.character.SpatialReporter as.character.Transform
as.character.TransformReport as.character.WeightsFile
as.character.WeightsSet as.CnagCfhSet
as.data.frame.CopyNumberOutliers as.data.frame.CopyNumberRegions
as.data.frame.RawCopyNumbers as.GenericDataFileSet as.GenotypeCallSet
backtransformGenotypeCone backtransformGenotypeCone.matrix
bgAdjustGcrma bgAdjustOptical bgAdjustRma BrlmmModel byChipType
byName byName.AffymetrixCelSet byPath byPath.AffymetrixCelSetTuple
calculateBaseline calculateChromosomeStatistics
calculateChromosomeStatistics.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
calculateParametersGsb calculateResiduals
calculateResiduals.ProbeLevelModel calculateResidualSet
calculateResidualSet.ProbeLevelModel calculateTargetDistribution
calculateTargetDistribution.QuantileNormalization calculateWeights
calculateWeights.ExonRmaPlm calculateWeights.FirmaModel
calculateWeights.ProbeLevelModel cdfMergeGroups ChipEffectSetTuple
classifyAsXorXX cleanToRealChipType
cleanToRealChipType.AffymetrixCdfFile clearCache.AffymetrixCdfFile
clearCache.AffymetrixCelFile clearCache.AffymetrixCelSet
clearCache.AffymetrixFileSet clearCache.AffymetrixProbeTabFile
clearCache.AffymetrixTsvFile clearCache.ChipEffectFile
clearCache.ChipEffectSet clearCache.CnagCfhFile clearCache.CnagCfhSet
clearCache.ExonChipEffectFile clearCache.FirmaFile
clearCache.FirmaModel clearCache.FirmaSet
clearCache.GdasAnnotationFile clearCache.GenericDataFileSet
clearCache.GenomeInformation clearCache.ParameterCelFile
clearCache.PcrProbeCalibration clearCache.ProbeAffinityFile
clearCache.ProbeLevelModel clearCache.QualityAssessmentFile
clearCache.QuantileNormalization clearCache.ResidualFile
clearCache.ResidualSet clearCache.SnpChipEffectFile
clearCache.SnpInformation clearCache.Transform
clearCache.TransformReport clearCache.WeightsFile
clearCache.WeightsSet clearData clearFileCache
clearFileCache.PlatformDesign clone.AffymetrixCelFile
clone.AffymetrixCelSet clone.CnagCfhFile clone.CnagCfhSet
clone.GenericDataFile clone.GenericDataFileSet colMeans
colMeans.AromaTabularBinaryFile colMeans.default colMedians
colMedians.AromaTabularBinaryFile colnames.AromaTabularBinaryFile
colnames.AromaUflFile colnames.AromaUgpFile
colnames.GenericTabularFile colStats colStats.AromaTabularBinaryFile
colSums colSums.AromaTabularBinaryFile colSums.default compare
compareChecksum compareChecksum.GenericDataFile computeAffinities
convert convertTable convertTable.default convertTxtFilesToXdr
convertTxtFilesToXdr.AptCopyNumberPipeline
convertTxtFilesToXdr.AptProbesetGenotype convertUnits copyFile
copyFile.AffymetrixFile CopyNumberOutliers CopyNumberRegions copyTo
copyTo.GenericDataFile copyTo.GenericDataFileSet create
createBlankSet createBlankSet.AffymetrixCelSet createFrom
createFromCrlmmFile createFromCrlmmFile.GenotypeCallSet
createFromFeatureSet createFromFeatureSet.AffymetrixCelSet
createMonoCell createParamCdf createParamCdf.ChipEffectFile
createParamCdf.FirmaFile dataFrame dataFrame.default decode
decode.ParameterCelFile digest2 dim.AromaTabularBinaryFile
dimnames<-.AromaTabularBinaryFile display display.ChromosomeExplorer
drawCnRegions drawCnRegions.DNAcopy drawCnRegions.profileCGH
drawCytoband drawCytoband.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
drawCytoband.default drawCytoband.profileCGH drawCytoband2
drawCytoband2.default drawExtraAnnotations
drawExtraAnnotations.default drawExtraAnnotations.profileCGH
drawLevels drawLevels.CopyNumberOutliers drawLevels.CopyNumberRegions
encode encode.ParameterCelFile equals.GenericDataFile
excludeChrXFromFit excludeChrXFromFit.DChipQuantileNormalization
exportToAPT extend.Interface extractAffyBatch extractCNRs
extractCNRs.default extractCopyNumberOutliers
extractCopyNumberOutliers.DNAcopy
extractCopyNumberOutliers.profileCGH extractCopyNumberRegions
extractCopyNumberRegions.DNAcopy extractCopyNumberRegions.profileCGH
extractMatrix extractRawCNs extractRawCNs.default
extractRawCopyNumbers extractRawCopyNumbers.DNAcopy
extractRawCopyNumbers.profileCGH extractSnpFeatureSet extractSnpQSet
findByChipType findByChipType.AffymetrixCsvFile
findByChipType.AffymetrixCsvGenomeInformation
findByChipType.AffymetrixNetAffxCsvFile
findByChipType.AffymetrixProbeTabFile
findByChipType.AffymetrixTabularFile findByChipType.AffymetrixTsvFile
findByChipType.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile
findByChipType.DChipGenomeInformation
findByChipType.DChipSnpInformation findByChipType.GdasAnnotationFile
findByChipType.UflSnpInformation findByChipType.UgpGenomeInformation
findByName findByName.AffymetrixCelSet findByName.ChipEffectSet
findByName.CnagCfhSet findCdf.patch findSAFs
findSAFs.SampleAnnotationSet findUnitsTodo
findUnitsTodo.ChipEffectFile findUnitsTodo.ChipEffectSet
findUnitsTodo.ExonChipEffectSet findUnitsTodo.FirmaFile
findUnitsTodo.FirmaSet findUnitsTodo.QualityAssessmentFile
findUnitsTodo.ResidualFile findUnitsTodo.ResidualSet
findUnitsTodo.WeightsFile findUnitsTodo.WeightsSet fit
fit.PcrProbeCalibration fitGenotypeCone fitGlad
fitGlad.CnChipEffectSet fitOne fitPlasqUnit fitPlasqUnit.matrix
fitQuantileNormFcn fixSearchPath fixSearchPath.AromaAffymetrix
forDataSet forDataSet.GdasAnnotationSet fromCdf
fromCdf.AffymetrixProbeTabFile fromChipType
fromChipType.AffymetrixCdfFile
fromChipType.AffymetrixCsvGenomeInformation
fromChipType.AffymetrixProbeTabFile
fromChipType.AffymetrixTabularFile fromChipType.AffymetrixTsvFile
fromChipType.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile
fromChipType.GdasAnnotationFile fromChipType.GdasAnnotationSet
fromChipType.UflSnpInformation fromCleanChipType
fromCleanChipType.AffymetrixCdfFile fromDataFile
fromDataFile.ChipEffectFile fromDataFile.FirmaFile
fromDataFile.ResidualFile fromDataFile.WeightsFile fromDataSet
fromDataSet.ChipEffectSet fromDataSet.FirmaSet
fromDataSet.GenomeInformation fromDataSet.ResidualSet
fromDataSet.SnpInformation fromDataSet.WeightsSet fromFile
fromFile.GenericDataFile fromFile.GenotypeCallXdrFile fromFiles
fromFiles.AffymetrixCelSet fromFiles.ChipEffectSet
fromFiles.CnagCfhSet fromFiles.CnChipEffectSet
fromFiles.ExonChipEffectSet fromFiles.FirmaSet
fromFiles.GdasAnnotationSet fromFiles.GenotypeCallXdrSet
fromFiles.ResidualSet fromFiles.SnpChipEffectSet fromFiles.WeightsSet
fromName fromName.AffymetrixCelSet fromName.CnagCfhSet fromPath
fromPath.SampleAnnotationFile fromPath.SampleAnnotationSet
gaussianSmoothing gaussianSmoothing.matrix gaussianSmoothing.numeric
gaussianSmoothing.RawCopyNumbers gcrmaSummary GdasAnnotationFile
GdasAnnotationSet GenericSummary GenericTabularFile getAlias
getAlias.AffymetrixCelSetTuple getAlias.ArrayExplorer
getAlias.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getAlias.GenericDataFile
getAlias.TransformReport getAlleleAB getAlleleAB.PlatformDesign
getAllelePairs getAllelePairUnitSets getAlleleProbePairs
getAlleleProbePairs2 getAlleleProbePairs2.AffymetrixCdfFile getAm
getAM getAm.AffymetrixCelFile getAnnotations
getAnnotations.PlatformDesign getAptPathnames
getAptPathnames.AptCopyNumberPipeline
getAptPathnames.AptProbesetGenotype getAromaUflFile
getAromaUflFile.UflSnpInformation getAromaUgpFile
getAromaUgpFile.UgpGenomeInformation getArrays getArraysOfInput
getArraysOfInput.ArrayExplorer getArraysOfInput.ChromosomeExplorer
getAsteriskTag getAsteriskTag.AffinePlm
getAsteriskTag.AffymetrixCelSetTuple getAsteriskTag.AvgPlm
getAsteriskTag.CbsModel getAsteriskTag.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getAsteriskTag.GladModel getAsteriskTag.MbeiPlm getAsteriskTag.Model
getAsteriskTag.ProbeLevelModel getAsteriskTag.RmaPlm
getAsteriskTag.SnpChipEffectGroupMerge getAsteriskTag.Transform
getAsteriskTags getAsteriskTags.AffymetrixFileSetReporter
getAsteriskTags.ArrayExplorer getAsteriskTags.Explorer getAttribute
getAttribute.AffymetrixFile getAttributes
getAttributes.AffymetrixFile getAttributeXY
getAttributeXY.AffymetrixCelFile getAverage
getAverage.AffymetrixCelSet getAverage.CnagCfhSet getAverageAsinh
getAverageAsinh.AffymetrixCelSet getAverageAsinh.CnagCfhSet
getAverageFile getAverageFile.ChipEffectSet
getAverageFile.CnChipEffectSet getAverageFile.ExonChipEffectSet
getAverageFile.ResidualSet getAverageFile.SnpChipEffectSet
getAverageFile.WeightsSet getAverageLog
getAverageLog.AffymetrixCelSet getAverageLog.CnagCfhSet getBaseline
getBaseline.CnChipEffectSet getBaseline.SnpChipEffectSet
getBlockPositions getBlockPositions.GdasAnnotationFile
getBytesPerColumn getBytesPerColumn.AromaTabularBinaryFile
getCachedFields getCachedFields.PlatformDesign
getCachePath.PlatformDesign getCalculateResidualsFunction
getCalculateResidualsFunction.AvgPlm
getCalculateResidualsFunction.ProbeLevelModel
getCalculateResidualsFunction.RmaPlm getCdf
getCdf.AffymetrixProbeTabFile getCdf.AffymetrixTsvFile
getCdf.AptCopyNumberPipeline getCdf.AptProbesetGenotype
getCdf.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile getCdf.ChipEffectGroupMerge
getCdf.FirmaModel getCdf.FragmentLengthNormalization
getCdf.GcContentNormalization getCdf.GdasAnnotationSet
getCdf.GenotypeCallXdrFile getCdf.PlatformDesign
getCdf.QualityAssessmentModel getCdf.TransformReport getCellIndices
getCellIndices.ChipEffectFile getCellIndices.ChipEffectSet
getCellIndices.CnChipEffectFile getCellIndices.CnPlm
getCellIndices.CnProbeAffinityFile getCellIndices.ExonChipEffectFile
getCellIndices.ExonProbeAffinityFile getCellIndices.ExonRmaPlm
getCellIndices.FirmaFile getCellIndices.FirmaSet
getCellIndices.PlatformDesign getCellIndices.ProbeAffinityFile
getCellIndices.ProbeLevelModel getCellIndices.ResidualFile
getCellIndices.ResidualSet getCellIndices.SnpChipEffectFile
getCellIndices.SnpPlm getCellIndices.SnpProbeAffinityFile
getCellIndices.WeightsFile getCellIndices.WeightsSet getCellMap
getCellMap.FirmaFile getCellMap.ResidualFile getCellMap.WeightsFile
getChecksum getChecksum.GenericDataFile getChipEffectFileClass
getChipEffectFileClass.ChipEffectSet
getChipEffectFileClass.CnChipEffectSet
getChipEffectFileClass.ExonChipEffectSet
getChipEffectFileClass.SnpChipEffectSet getChipEffectFiles
getChipEffectFiles.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getChipEffects
getChipEffects.ExonRmaPlm getChipEffects.PlasqModel
getChipEffects.QualityAssessmentModel getChipEffectSet
getChipEffectSet.CnPlm getChipEffectSet.ExonRmaPlm
getChipEffectSet.SnpPlm getChipEffectSetClass
getChipEffectSetClass.CnPlm getChipEffectSetClass.ExonRmaPlm
getChipEffectSetClass.ProbeLevelModel getChipEffectSetClass.SnpPlm
getChipType getChipType.AffymetrixCdfFile
getChipType.AffymetrixCelSetReporter
getChipType.AffymetrixProbeTabFile getChipType.AffymetrixTsvFile
getChipType.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile getChipType.GdasAnnotationSet
getChipType.PlatformDesign getChipTypes
getChipTypes.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getChromosome
getChromosome.Arguments getChromosomes getChromosomes.Arguments
getChromosomes.AromaUgpFile getChromosomes.GenomeInformation
getChromosomes.UgpGenomeInformation getChromosomeStats
getChromosomeStats.GenomeInformation getChrXFile
getChrXFile.AptCopyNumberPipeline getChrXFile.AptProbesetGenotype
getCnNames getCNs getCNs.RawCopyNumbers getColClasses
getColClasses.AromaTabularBinaryFile getColorMaps
getColorMaps.ArrayExplorer getColorMaps.SpatialReporter
getCombineAlleles getCombineAlleles.CnChipEffectSet
getCommonListElements getCommonPrefix getCrlmmInfo
getCrlmmInfo.PlatformDesign getData getData.AffymetrixCelSet
getData.AffymetrixProbeTabFile getData.AffymetrixTsvFile
getData.CnagCfhSet getData.UflSnpInformation
getData.UgpGenomeInformation getDataColumns
getDataColumns.GenomeInformation getDataColumns.UflSnpInformation
getDataColumns.UgpGenomeInformation getDataFile
getDataFile.PlatformDesign getDataFiles getDataFiles.PlatformDesign
getDataFlat getDataFlat.ChipEffectFile getDataFlat.FirmaFile
getDataFlat.ResidualFile getDataFlat.WeightsFile getDataPairs
getDataPairs.AllelicCrosstalkCalibration getDataSet
getDataSet.AptCopyNumberPipeline getDataSet.AptProbesetGenotype
getDataSet.FirmaModel getDataSet.QualityAssessmentModel
getDescription.AffymetrixFileSet getDescription.PlatformDesign
getDeviceResolution getDeviceResolution.default getDimension
getDimension.AffymetrixCdfFile getExclCells
getExclCells.DChipQuantileNormalization
getExclCells.QuantileNormalization getExternalCommand
getExternalCommand.AptCopyNumberPipeline
getExternalCommand.AptProbesetGenotype getFeatureInfo
getFeatureInfo.PlatformDesign getField getField.AffymetrixTsvFile
getFields.SnpInformation getFields.UflSnpInformation getFile
getFile.GenericDataFileSet getFileClass getFileClass.FirmaSet
getFileFormat getFileFormat.AffymetrixCdfFile
getFileFormat.AffymetrixCelFile getFilename getFilename.Arguments
getFilenameExtension getFilenameExtension.AromaUflFile
getFilenameExtension.AromaUgpFile
getFilenameExtension.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile getFiles
getFiles.GenericDataFileSet getFileSet
getFileSet.AffymetrixFileSetReporter getFileSetClass
getFileSetClass.FirmaModel getFileSize.GenericDataFile
getFileSize.GenericDataFileSet getFileType getFirmaScores
getFirstCellIndices getFirstCellIndices.AffymetrixCdfFile
getFirstCellPerUnitIndices
getFirstCellPerUnitIndices.ExonChipEffectSet getFitFunction
getFitUnitFunction getFitUnitFunction.CnPlm
getFitUnitFunction.FirmaModel getFitUnitFunction.PlasqModel
getFitUnitFunction.ProbeLevelModel getFitUnitFunction.UnitModel
getFragmentLengths getFragmentLengths.AffymetrixTsvFile
getFragmentLengths.SnpInformation getFragmentStarts
getFragmentStarts.SnpInformation getFragmentStarts.UflSnpInformation
getFragmentStops getFragmentStops.SnpInformation
getFragmentStops.UflSnpInformation getFullName
getFullName.AffymetrixCelSet getFullName.AffymetrixCelSetTuple
getFullName.AffymetrixFileSetReporter
getFullName.AptCopyNumberPipeline getFullName.AptProbesetGenotype
getFullName.CnagCfhSet getFullName.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getFullName.Explorer getFullName.GenotypeCallSet
getFullName.QualityAssessmentModel getFullNames
getFullNames.AffymetrixCelSetTuple getFullNames.ChipEffectSetTuple
getFullNames.ChromosomeExplorer
getFullNames.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getFullNames.GenericDataFileSet getGc getGc.AffymetrixTsvFile
getGenomeData getGenomeData.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getGenomeInformation getGenomeVersion getGenomeVersion.AromaUgpFile
getGenotypeCallSet getGenotypeCallSet.AptCopyNumberPipeline
getGenotypeCallSet.AptProbesetGenotype getHeader.GenericTabularFile
getHeader.GenotypeCallFile getHeaderLength
getHeaderLength.CnagCfhFile getHeaderV3 getHeaderV3.AffymetrixCelFile
getIdentifier getIdentifier.AffymetrixCelFile
getIdentifier.AffymetrixCelSet getIdentifier.AffymetrixFileSet
getIdentifier.CnagCfhFile getIdentifier.CnagCfhSet getImage
getImage.ResidualFile getImage.WeightsFile getIncludePath
getIncludePath.Explorer getIndexToRowMap
getIndexToRowMap.AffymetrixProbeTabFile getInputDataSet
getIntensities getLabel.AffymetrixFile getLabel.Model getListOfCdfs
getListOfCdfs.AffymetrixCelSetTuple getListOfCdfs.ArrayExplorer
getListOfCdfs.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getListOfChipEffects
getListOfChipEffects.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getListOfGenomeInformations
getListOfGenomeInformations.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getListOfReferences getListOfReferences.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getListOfReporters getListOfReporters.ArrayExplorer getListOfSets
getListOfSets.AffymetrixCelSetTuple getLociFields
getLociFields.RawCopyNumbers getLog2Ratios
getLog2Ratios.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getMainPath
getMainPath.AffymetrixFileSetReporter getMainPath.Explorer
getMergeFunction getMergeFunction.ChipEffectGroupMerge
getMergeFunction.SnpChipEffectGroupMerge getMergeGroups
getMergeGroups.ExonChipEffectSet getMergeStrands
getMergeStrands.SnpChipEffectSet getModel getMonoCell
getMonoCell.AffymetrixCdfFile getName.AffymetrixCelSetTuple
getName.AptCopyNumberPipeline getName.AptProbesetGenotype
getName.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getName.FirmaModel
getName.PlatformDesign getName.QualityAssessmentModel getNameOfInput
getNameOfInput.ArrayExplorer getNameOfInput.ChromosomeExplorer
getNameOfInput.Explorer getNames getNames.AffymetrixCelSetTuple
getNames.ChromosomeExplorer getNames.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getOligoSequences getOligoSequences.PlatformDesign getOligoToCelMap
getOligoToCelMap.AffymetrixCdfFile getOutputDataSet
getOutputDataSet.FragmentLengthNormalization
getOutputDataSet.GcContentNormalization getOutputFiles
getOutputFiles.Transform getOutputIdentifier
getOutputIdentifier.QuantileNormalization getPackageName
getPackageName.default getPackageName.PlatformDesign
getParameters.AllelicCrosstalkCalibration
getParameters.BackgroundCorrection getParameters.ChipEffectFile
getParameters.ChipEffectGroupMerge getParameters.ChipEffectSet
getParameters.CnChipEffectFile
getParameters.DChipQuantileNormalization
getParameters.ExonChipEffectFile
getParameters.FragmentLengthNormalization
getParameters.GcContentNormalization
getParameters.GcRmaBackgroundCorrection getParameters.Model
getParameters.OpticalBackgroundCorrection
getParameters.ParameterCelFile getParameters.PcrProbeCalibration
getParameters.ProbeAffinityFile getParameters.QuantileNormalization
getParameters.ResidualFile getParameters.ResidualSet
getParameters.RmaBackgroundCorrection
getParameters.ScaleNormalization getParameters.SnpChipEffectFile
getParameters.SnpChipEffectGroupMerge getParameters.Transform
getParameters.WeightsFile getParameters.WeightsSet
getParametersAsString getParametersAsString.ChipEffectFile
getParametersAsString.ChipEffectSet getParametersAsString.Model
getParametersAsString.ProbeAffinityFile
getParametersAsString.ResidualFile getParametersAsString.ResidualSet
getParametersAsString.Transform getParametersAsString.WeightsFile
getParametersAsString.WeightsSet getParameterSet
getParameterSet.AvgPlm getParameterSet.CnPlm getParameterSet.Model
getParameterSet.ProbeLevelModel getParameterSet.RmaPlm
getParameterSet.SnpPlm getPath.AffymetrixCelSetReporter
getPath.AffymetrixFileSetReporter getPath.AptCopyNumberPipeline
getPath.AptProbesetGenotype getPath.ChromosomeExplorer
getPath.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getPath.Explorer
getPath.PlatformDesign getPath.QualityAssessmentModel getPathnames
getPathnamesFile getPathnamesFile.AptCopyNumberPipeline
getPathnamesFile.AptProbesetGenotype getPatterns
getPatterns.SampleAnnotationFile getPhysicalPositions
getPhysicalPositions.RawCopyNumbers getPlasqTypes
getPlatformDesignObject getPlatformDesignObject.AffymetrixCdfFile
getPlatformDesignObject.PlatformDesign getPlm getPlm.FirmaModel
getPlm.QualityAssessmentModel getPloidy getPloidy.AffymetrixCelFile
getPmDesignMatrix getPmDesignMatrix.PcrProbeCalibration
getPosition.AffymetrixTsvFile getPositions getProbeAffinities
getProbeAffinities.ExonRmaPlm getProbeAffinityFile
getProbeAffinityFile.AffinePlm getProbeAffinityFile.AvgPlm
getProbeAffinityFile.CnPlm getProbeAffinityFile.ExonRmaPlm
getProbeAffinityFile.MbeiPlm getProbeAffinityFile.RmaPlm
getProbeAffinityFile.SnpPlm getProbeEffects
getProbeEffects.PlatformDesign getProbeParameters
getProbeParameters.PlasqModel getRawCnData
getRawCnData.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getReadArguments
getReadArguments.GenericTabularFile getReadMap
getReadMap.PlatformDesign getRectangle getRectangle.AffymetrixCelFile
getReferenceFiles getReferenceFiles.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getReferenceName getReferenceName.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getReferenceQuantiles getReferenceQuantiles.PlatformDesign getRegions
getRegions.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getRegions.profileCGH
getReportPath getReportPath.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getReportSet
getReportSet.AffymetrixFileSetReporter getReportSet.SpatialReporter
getResidualFileClass getResidualFileClass.ResidualSet getResiduals
getResidualSet getResidualSet.ProbeLevelModel getResidualSetClass
getResidualSetClass.ProbeLevelModel getRestructor
getRestructor.AffymetrixCdfFile getRootPath
getRootPath.AffymetrixFileSetReporter
getRootPath.AptCopyNumberPipeline getRootPath.AptProbesetGenotype
getRootPath.ChipEffectTransform
getRootPath.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getRootPath.Explorer
getRootPath.FirmaModel getRootPath.PlasqModel
getRootPath.ProbeLevelModel getRootPath.ProbeLevelTransform
getRootPath.QualityAssessmentModel getRootPath.Transform
getRootPath.TransformReport getSetTag
getSetTag.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getSetTuple
getSetTuple.ArrayExplorer getSetTuple.ChromosomeExplorer
getSetTuple.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getSiblings getSnpInformation
getSnpInformation.AffymetrixCdfFile getSnpNames getSubsetToAvg
getSubsetToAvg.AllelicCrosstalkCalibration
getSubsetToAvg.QuantileNormalization
getSubsetToAvg.ScaleNormalization getSubsetToFit
getSubsetToFit.FragmentLengthNormalization
getSubsetToFit.GcContentNormalization
getSubsetToFit.PcrProbeCalibration getSubsetToUpdate
getSubsetToUpdate.BackgroundCorrection
getSubsetToUpdate.DChipQuantileNormalization
getSubsetToUpdate.OligoQuantileNormalization
getSubsetToUpdate.QuantileNormalization
getSubsetToUpdate.ScaleNormalization getTableOfArrays getTags
getTags.AffymetrixCelSetTuple getTags.AptCopyNumberPipeline
getTags.AptProbesetGenotype getTags.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
getTags.FirmaModel getTags.QualityAssessmentModel getTagsOfInput
getTagsOfInput.ArrayExplorer getTagsOfInput.ChromosomeExplorer
getTagsOfInput.Explorer getTargetDistribution
getTargetDistribution.OligoQuantileNormalization
getTargetDistribution.QuantileNormalization
getTargetDistributionIdentifier
getTargetDistributionIdentifier.QuantileNormalization
getTargetDistributionPathname
getTargetDistributionPathname.QuantileNormalization getTargetFunction
getTargetFunction.FragmentLengthNormalization
getTargetFunction.GcContentNormalization getTemplatePath
getTemplatePath.Explorer getTimestamp getTimestamp.CnagCfhFile
getTimestamps getTimestamps.AffymetrixCelSet getTimestamps.CnagCfhSet
getTuple getUnitGroupCellMap getUnitGroupCellMap.AffymetrixCdfFile
getUnitIndices getUnitIndices.GdasAnnotationSet getUnitIntensities
getUnitNames getUnitNames.PlatformDesign getUnitsAt
getUnitsAt.AromaUgpFile getUnitSizes getUnitsOnChromosome
getUnitsOnChromosome.GenomeInformation
getUnitsOnChromosome.PlatformDesign
getUnitsOnChromosome.UgpGenomeInformation getWeights
getWeightsFileClass getWeightsFileClass.WeightsSet getWeightsSet
getWeightsSet.ProbeLevelModel getWeightsSetClass
getWeightsSetClass.ProbeLevelModel getWriteMap
getWriteMap.PlatformDesign getX getX.PlatformDesign getXAM getXY
getXY.RawCopyNumbers getY getY.PlatformDesign getYY
getYY.TransformReport hasAttributeXY hasAttributeXY.AffymetrixCelFile
hasTag hasTag.GenericDataFile hasTag.GenericDataFileSet hasTags
hasTags.GenericDataFile hasTags.GenericDataFileSet highlight
highlight.AffymetrixCelFile highlight.ProbeLevelModel identifyCells
identifyCells.AffymetrixCdfFile image270 importFeatureSet
importFeatureSet.AffymetrixCelFile importFrom
importFrom.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile
importFromAffymetrixNetAffxCsvFile
importFromAffymetrixNetAffxCsvFile.AromaUflFile
importFromAffymetrixNetAffxCsvFile.AromaUgpFile
importFromAffymetrixNetAffxCsvFile.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile
importFromAffymetrixTabularFile
importFromAffymetrixTabularFile.AromaUgpFile
importFromAffymetrixTabularFile.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile
importFromAPT importFromCrlmmFile importFromDChip
importFromDChipGenomeInformation
importFromDChipGenomeInformation.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile
importFromGenomeInformation importFromGenomeInformation.AromaUgpFile
importFromGenomeInformation.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile
importFromTable importFromTable.FileMatrix indexOf
indexOf.GenericDataFileSet indexOfArrays indexOfUnits
indexOfUnits.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile inferParameters
inferParameters.CnChipEffectSet inferParameters.SnpChipEffectSet
isDone.AptCopyNumberPipeline isDone.AptProbesetGenotype isDuplicated
isEof isEof.connection isInstalled isInstalled.PlatformDesign
isLoaded.PlatformDesign isPm isPm.PlatformDesign isSnpChip join
join.GdasAnnotationSet lapply.AromaTabularBinaryFile lapplyInChunks
lapplyInChunks.numeric library lines.CopyNumberOutliers
lines.CopyNumberRegions lines.RawCopyNumbers load.PlatformDesign
loadDataFile loadDataFile.PlatformDesign log2abs log2neg log2pos
matchPatterns matchPatterns.SampleAnnotationFile mergeByCommonTails
mergeGroups mergeGroups.ChipEffectFile mergeStrands
mergeStrands.CnChipEffectFile mergeStrands.SnpChipEffectFile
migrateTool migrateTool.CopyNumberSegmentationModel nbrOfArrays
nbrOfArrays.AffymetrixCelSetReporter
nbrOfArrays.AptCopyNumberPipeline nbrOfArrays.AptProbesetGenotype
nbrOfArrays.QualityAssessmentModel nbrOfArrays.TransformReport
nbrOfCells nbrOfCells.AffymetrixCdfFile nbrOfCells.AffymetrixCelFile
nbrOfCells.CnagCfhFile nbrOfChipTypes nbrOfChipTypes.ArrayExplorer
nbrOfColumns nbrOfColumns.AffymetrixCdfFile
nbrOfColumns.AromaTabularBinaryFile nbrOfEnzymes
nbrOfEnzymes.AromaUflFile nbrOfFiles nbrOfLoci
nbrOfLoci.RawCopyNumbers nbrOfQcUnits nbrOfQcUnits.AffymetrixCdfFile
nbrOfRegions nbrOfRegions.CopyNumberOutliers
nbrOfRegions.CopyNumberRegions nbrOfRows nbrOfRows.AffymetrixCdfFile
nbrOfRows.AromaTabularBinaryFile nbrOfSnps nbrOfSnps.CnagCfhFile
nbrOfUnits nbrOfUnits.AffymetrixCdfFile
nbrOfUnits.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile nbrOfUnits.GenomeInformation
nbrOfUnits.SnpInformation nbrOfUnits.UflSnpInformation
ncol.AromaTabularBinaryFile newPlot
newPlot.CopyNumberSegmentationModel normalizeGenotypeCone
normalizeGenotypeCone.matrix normalizeQuantileSpline
nrow.AromaTabularBinaryFile onFitAddGenotypeCalls
onFitAddGenotypeCalls.default onFitAddGenotypeCalls.GladModel
plasqGaussian plot.CopyNumberSegmentationModel plot.profileCGH
plot.RawCopyNumbers plotBasepair
plotBasepair.AllelicCrosstalkCalibration plotFit
plotFit.PcrProbeCalibration plotImage plotMvsPosition
plotMvsPosition.ProbeLevelModel plotMvsX plotNuse
plotNuse.QualityAssessmentModel plotProfile2 plotProfile2.profileCGH
plotRawCNs plotRawCNs.profileCGH plotRle
plotRle.QualityAssessmentModel plotXYCurve
plotXYCurve.TransformReport plotXYCurveLog2
plotXYCurveLog2.TransformReport points.RawCopyNumbers pointsRawCNs
pointsRawCNs.default pointsRawCNs.profileCGH predict.lowess
print.GenericSummary print.Interface process
process.AptCopyNumberPipeline process.AptProbesetGenotype
process.PcrProbeCalibration range.AffymetrixCelFile
range.AffymetrixCelSet range.CnagCfhFile range.CnagCfhSet
RawCopyNumbers read10K read10K.DChipSnpInformation read250K
read250K.DChipSnpInformation read250KHg17
read250KHg17.DChipGenomeInformation read50K
read50K.DChipSnpInformation read50KHg17
read50KHg17.DChipGenomeInformation readBlock
readBlock.GdasAnnotationFile readCdfGroupStrands readCfhHeader
readCfhHeader.default readCfhUnits readCfhUnits.default readCfnHeader
readCfnHeader.default readCfnUnits readCfnUnits.default readChecksum
readChecksum.GenericDataFile readColumnName
readColumnName.GdasAnnotationFile readData
readData.AffymetrixCsvGenomeInformation readData.AffymetrixTsvFile
readData.AromaTabularBinaryFile readData.AromaUflFile
readData.AromaUgpFile readData.DChipGenomeInformation
readData.DChipSnpInformation readData.GdasAnnotationFile
readData.GenericTabularFile readData.GenomeInformation
readData.SampleAnnotationFile readData.SnpInformation
readData.UflSnpInformation readData.UgpGenomeInformation
readDataUnitChromosomePosition
readDataUnitChromosomePosition.AffymetrixNetAffxCsvFile
readDataUnitFragmentLength
readDataUnitFragmentLength.AffymetrixNetAffxCsvFile readFooter
readFooter.AromaTabularBinaryFile readGenomeWideSNP
readGenomeWideSNP.DChipGenomeInformation
readHeader.AromaTabularBinaryFile readHeader.GdasAnnotationFile
readHeader.GenericTabularFile readLog readLog.AptCopyNumberPipeline
readLog.AptProbesetGenotype readMouse430
readMouse430.DChipGenomeInformation readMouse430KenHardwired
readMouse430KenHardwired.DChipGenomeInformation readPlasqTypes
readPlasqTypes.AffymetrixCdfFile readTableInternal
readTableInternal.GenomeInformation readTableInternal.SnpInformation
readUnits readUnits.AffymetrixCelSet readUnits.ChipEffectFile
readUnits.ChipEffectSet readUnits.CnagCfhSet
readUnits.CnChipEffectFile readUnits.ExonChipEffectFile
readUnits.FirmaFile readUnits.FirmaSet readUnits.GenotypeCallSet
readUnits.GenotypeCallXdrFile readUnits.ParameterCelFile
readUnits.ProbeAffinityFile readUnits.ResidualFile
readUnits.ResidualSet readUnits.SnpChipEffectFile
readUnits.WeightsFile readUnits.WeightsSet renameToUpperCaseExt
renameToUpperCaseExt.GenericDataFile reorder.GenericDataFileSet
require rescale rescale.AllelicCrosstalkCalibration restruct
restruct.AffymetrixCdfFile rgbTransform rgbTransform.Image rmaSummary
rowMads rowSds rowVars SampleAnnotationFile SampleAnnotationSet
sapply sapply.default sapply.GenericDataFileSet select
select.GdasAnnotationSet seq.TransformReport setAlias
setAlias.AffymetrixCelSetTuple setAlias.ArrayExplorer
setAlias.CopyNumberSegmentationModel setAlias.GenericDataFile
setAlias.TransformReport setArrays setAttribute
setAttribute.AffymetrixFile setAttributes
setAttributes.AffymetrixFile setAttributesBy
setAttributesBy.AffymetrixCelSet setAttributesBy.AffymetrixFile
setAttributesBySampleAnnotationFile
setAttributesBySampleAnnotationFile.AffymetrixCelSet
setAttributesBySampleAnnotationSet
setAttributesBySampleAnnotationSet.AffymetrixCelSet
setAttributesByTags setAttributesByTags.AffymetrixCelFile
setAttributesByTags.AffymetrixFile setAttributeXY
setAttributesByTags.AromaTabularBinaryFile
setAttributeXY.AffymetrixCelFile setCdf setCdf.GenotypeCallFile
setColorMaps setColorMaps.ArrayExplorer setColorMaps.SpatialReporter
setCombineAlleles setCombineAlleles.CnChipEffectSet
setCombineAlleles.CnPlm setCombineAlleles.CnProbeAffinityFile
setCustomFindCdf setCytoband setCytoband.ChromosomeExplorer
setDecodeFunction setDecodeFunction.ParameterCelFile
setEncodeFunction setEncodeFunction.ParameterCelFile
setLabel.AffymetrixFile setLabel.Model setMergeFunction
setMergeFunction.ChipEffectGroupMerge setMergeGroups
setMergeGroups.ExonChipEffectSet setMergeGroups.ExonProbeAffinityFile
setMergeGroups.ExonRmaPlm setMergeStrands
setMergeStrands.SnpChipEffectSet setMergeStrands.SnpPlm
setMergeStrands.SnpProbeAffinityFile setRestructor setTags
setTags.AffymetrixCelSetTuple setTags.Transform setup
setup.AffymetrixFileSetReporter setup.ArrayExplorer
setup.ChromosomeExplorer setup.Explorer showAptVersion
showAptVersion.AptCopyNumberPipeline
showAptVersion.AptProbesetGenotype showLog
showLog.AptCopyNumberPipeline showLog.AptProbesetGenotype
smoothScatterMvsA sort.RawCopyNumbers splitByCommonTails
splitInChunks splitInChunks.numeric sqrtabs sqrtneg sqrtpos stext
stext.default stextChipType stextChipType.AffymetrixCdfFile
stextLabel stextLabel.AffymetrixFile stextLabels
stextLabels.AffymetrixFile stextSize stextSize.AffymetrixFile
stringTree stringTree.character subset.AromaTabularBinaryFile
summary.AromaTabularBinaryFile summary.RawCopyNumbers testAttributes
testAttributes.AffymetrixFile transformAffine
transformAffine.AffymetrixCelFile transformAffine.AffymetrixCelSet
UflSnpInformation unload.PlatformDesign updateData
updateData.AromaTabularBinaryFile updateDataColumn
updateDataColumn.AromaTabularBinaryFile updateDataFlat
updateDataFlat.ChipEffectFile updateDataFlat.FirmaFile
updateDataFlat.ResidualFile updateDataFlat.WeightsFile
updateOnChipTypeJS updateOnChipTypeJS.ArrayExplorer updateOnLoadJS
updateOnLoadJS.ArrayExplorer updateSamplesFile updateUnits
updateUnits.ChipEffectFile updateUnits.ChipEffectSet
updateUnits.FirmaFile updateUnits.FirmaSet
updateUnits.GenotypeCallXdrFile updateUnits.ParameterCelFile
updateUnits.ProbeAffinityFile updateUnits.ResidualFile
updateUnits.ResidualSet updateUnits.WeightsFile
updateUnits.WeightsSet uses uses.Interface validate.PlatformDesign
validateChecksum validateChecksum.GenericDataFile verify
verify.AffymetrixCsvGenomeInformation verify.AffymetrixTsvFile
verify.DChipGenomeInformation verify.DChipSnpInformation
verify.GenericTabularFile verify.UflSnpInformation
verify.UgpGenomeInformation whatDataType whatDataType.default write
writeChecksum writeChecksum.GenericDataFile writeChrXFile
writeChrXFile.AffymetrixPowerTools writeGraphs
writeGraphs.ChromosomeExplorer writeImage writeImage.ResidualFile
writeImage.WeightsFile writeImageCombined
writeImageCombined.TransformReport writeImages
writeImages.SpatialReporter writeImages.TransformReport writeRegions
writeRegions.ChromosomeExplorer
writeRegions.CopyNumberSegmentationModel writeRegions.GladModel
writeRegions.profileCGH writeWig writeWig.CnChipEffectSet
yellow.colors
  getGenome getGenome.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getGenomeFile
  getGenomeFile.CopyNumberSegmentationModel setGenome
  setGenome.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
  importFromGenericTabularFile
  importFromGenericTabularFile.AromaUgpFile
  importFromGenericTabularFile.AromaUnitTabularBinaryFile
  clearCache.FragmentLengthNormalization
  getOutputDataSet.ChipEffectTransform renameTo
  renameTo.GenericDataFile translateColumnNames
  translateColumnNames.AffymetrixTabularFile
  translateColumnNames.GenericTabularFile
  AffymetrixFileTable as.character.AffymetrixFileTable
  as.character.ChromosomalModel clearCache.AffymetrixCelSetTuple
  clearCache.ChromosomalModel clearCache.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
  clearCache.SrmaModel createOutputTuple createOutputTuple.SrmaModel
  drawCytoband.ChromosomalModel extract.AffymetrixFileTable
  fit.ChromosomalModel fitOneChromosome
  fitOneChromosome.SrmaModel fitWRMA fitWRMA.matrix gaussKernel
  getAlias.AffymetrixFileTable getAlias.ChromosomalModel getArrayPair
  getArrayPair.AffymetrixFileTable getArrays.AffymetrixFileTable
  getArrayTable getArrayTable.AffymetrixFileTable
  getAsteriskTag.AffymetrixFileTable getAsteriskTag.ChromosomalModel
  getAsteriskTag.SrmaModel getBandwidth getBandwidth.SrmaModel
  getChipEffectFiles.ChromosomalModel getChipTypes.AffymetrixFileTable
  getChipTypes.ChromosomalModel getFullName.AffymetrixFileTable
  getFullName.ChromosomalModel getFullNames.AffymetrixFileTable
  getFullNames.ChromosomalModel getGenome.ChromosomalModel
  getGenomeData.ChromosomalModel getGenomeFile.ChromosomalModel
  getListOfCdfs.AffymetrixFileTable getListOfCdfs.ChromosomalModel
  getListOfChipEffects.ChromosomalModel getListOfChipEffectSets
  getListOfChipEffectSets.ChromosomalModel
  getListOfChipEffectSets.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
  getListOfGenomeInformations.ChromosomalModel
  getListOfSets.AffymetrixFileTable getName.AffymetrixFileTable
  getName.ChromosomalModel getNames.AffymetrixFileTable
  getNames.ChromosomalModel getOutputTuple getOutputTuple.SrmaModel
  getParentPath getParentPath.ChromosomalModel getPath.ChromosomalModel
  getPcuTheta getPcuTheta.ChromosomalModel getPositionChipTypeUnit
  getPositionChipTypeUnit.ChromosomalModel
  getPositionChipTypeUnit.CopyNumberSegmentationModel getRefSetTuple
  getRefSetTuple.CopyNumberSegmentationModel
  getReportPath.ChromosomalModel getRootPath.ChromosomalModel
  getRootPath.SrmaModel getSetTag.ChromosomalModel
  getSetTuple.ChromosomalModel getTableOfArrays.AffymetrixFileTable
  getTags.AffymetrixFileTable getTags.ChromosomalModel
  indexOfArrays.AffymetrixFileTable isFile.GenericDataFile
  nbrOfChipTypes.AffymetrixFileTable nbrOfFiles.AffymetrixFileTable
  nbrOfSets nbrOfSets.AffymetrixFileTable setAlias.AffymetrixFileTable
  setAlias.ChromosomalModel setBandwidth setBandwidth.SrmaModel
  setGenome.ChromosomalModel setTags.AffymetrixFileTable smoothWRMA
  smoothWRMA.matrix
as.character.SrmaModel