as.character.FastaReferenceFile as.character.FastqDataFile
getCommonSeqWidth getCommonSeqWidth.FastqDataFile getGeometry
getGeometry.FastqDataFile getSeqLengths
getSeqLengths.FastaReferenceFile getSeqNames
getSeqNames.FastaReferenceFile getTotalSeqLengths
getTotalSeqLengths.FastaReferenceFile nbrOfSeqs
nbrOfSeqs.FastaReferenceFile nbrOfSeqs.FastqDataFile
readGeometry readGeometry.FastqDataFile readSeqLengths
readSeqLengths.FastaReferenceFile validate.FastqDataSet
as.character.BamDataFile as.character.Bowtie2Aligment
getAsteriskTags.Bowtie2Aligment getFlavor
getFlavor.Bowtie2Aligment getFullName.Bowtie2Aligment
getHeader.BamDataFile getInputDataSet
getInputDataSet.Bowtie2Aligment getName.Bowtie2Aligment
getOutputDataSet getOutputDataSet.Bowtie2Aligment
getPath.Bowtie2Aligment getReferenceFile
getReferenceFile.Bowtie2Aligment getRootPath
getRootPath.Bowtie2Aligment getTags.Bowtie2Aligment
getTargetLengths getTargetLengths.BamDataFile getTargetNames
getTargetNames.BamDataFile getTargets getTargets.BamDataFile
getTotalTargetLength getTotalTargetLength.BamDataFile hasIndex
hasIndex.BamDataFile isSorted isSorted.BamDataFile
nbrOfFiles.Bowtie2Aligment nbrOfSeqs.BamDataFile nbrOfTargets
nbrOfTargets.BamDataFile process process.Bowtie2Aligment
processOne processOne.Bowtie2Aligment readHeader
readHeader.BamDataFile setTags.Bowtie2Aligment sort.BamDataFile
validate.BamDataSet
bowtie2 bowtie2.default
as.character.Bowtie2Alignment bDebugSystemBowtie2Build
bowtie2Build bowtie2Build.default
getAsteriskTags.Bowtie2Alignment getFlavor.Bowtie2Alignment
getFullName.Bowtie2Alignment getInputDataSet.Bowtie2Alignment
getName.Bowtie2Alignment getOutputDataSet.Bowtie2Alignment
getPath.Bowtie2Alignment getReferenceFile.Bowtie2Alignment
getRootPath.Bowtie2Alignment getTags.Bowtie2Alignment
nbrOfFiles.Bowtie2Alignment process.Bowtie2Alignment
processOne.Bowtie2Alignment setTags.Bowtie2Alignment
systemBowtie2 systemBowtie2.default systemBowtie2Build
systemBowtie2Build.default testSystemBowtie2Build
isCapableOf
buildBwaIndexSet
as.character.BwaAlignment as.character.BwaIndexFile
as.character.BwaIndexSet as.character.SamDataFile
getAsteriskTags.BwaAlignment getFlavor.BwaAlignment
getFullName.BwaAlignment getHeader.SamDataFile getIndexPrefix
getIndexPrefix.BwaIndexFile getIndexPrefix.BwaIndexSet
getIndexSet getIndexSet.BwaAlignment
getInputDataSet.BwaAlignment getName.BwaAlignment
getOutputDataSet.BwaAlignment getPath.BwaAlignment
getRootPath.BwaAlignment getTags.BwaAlignment
getTargetLengths.SamDataFile getTargetNames.SamDataFile
getTargets.SamDataFile getTotalTargetLength.SamDataFile
hasIndex.SamDataFile isComplete isComplete.BwaIndexSet
isSorted.SamDataFile nbrOfFiles.BwaAlignment
nbrOfSeqs.SamDataFile nbrOfTargets.SamDataFile
process.BwaAlignment readHeader.SamDataFile
setTags.BwaAlignment sort.SamDataFile validate.SamDataSet
byPrefix byPrefix.BwaIndexSet getDepth.BamDataSet
getDepth.FastqDataSet getDepth.SamDataSet
