#########################################################################/**
# @RdocFunction readCdfUnits
#
# @title "Reads units (probesets) from an Affymetrix CDF file"
#
# @synopsis 
# 
# \description{
#   Gets all or a subset of units (probesets) in an Affymetrix CDF file.
# }
# 
# \arguments{
#   \item{filename}{The filename of the CDF file.}
#   \item{units}{An @integer @vector of (zero-based) unit indices 
#     specifying which units to be read.  If @NULL, all units are read.}
#   \item{readXY}{If @TRUE, cell row and column (X,Y) coordinates are
#     retrieved, otherwise not.}
#   \item{readBases}{If @TRUE, cell P and T bases are retrieved, otherwise not.}
#   \item{readExpos}{If @TRUE, cell "expos" values are retrieved, otherwise not.}
#   \item{readType}{If @TRUE, unit types are retrieved, otherwise not.}
#   \item{readDirections}{If @TRUE, unit directions are retrieved, otherwise not.}
#   \item{splitPmMm}{If @TRUE, each of the cell data elements are 
#     returned as a two-row matrix where the first row corresponds to
#     perfect-match (PM) features and the second to mismatch (MM) features.
#     Note that this assumes that there are equal number of PMs and MMs.
#     Moreover, the PMs and MMs may not even be paired.  That is, there is
#     (currently) no control that the PM and MM value in the same column of 
#     this matrix belongs to the same probe pair.}
#   \item{verbose}{An @integer specifying the verbose level. If 0, the 
#     file is parsed quietly.  The higher numbers, the more details.}
# }
# 
# \value{
#   A named @list where the names corresponds to the names of the units
#   read.  Each element of the @list is in turn a @list structure 
#   with three components:
#    \item{groups}{A @list with one component for each group (also called
#      block). The information on each group is a @list with five 
#      components: \code{x}, \code{y}, \code{pbase}, \code{tbase},
#      \code{expos}.}
#    \item{type}{An @integer specifying the type of the unit.}
#    \item{direction}{An @integer specifying the direction of the unit.}
# }
#
# \author{James Bullard, \email{bullard@stat.berkeley.edu} and Kasper
#   Daniel Hansen, \email{khansen@stat.berkeley.edu}.
#   Modified by Henrik Bengtsson, \email{hb@maths.lth.se}, to read
#   any subset of units and/or subset of parameters, and to split by 
#   PM and MM.}
# 
# \examples{\dontrun{@include "readCdfUnits.Rex"}}
# 
# \seealso{
#   @see "readCdfUnitNames".
# }
# 
# \references{
#   [1] Affymetrix Inc, Affymetrix GCOS 1.x compatible file formats,
#       June 14, 2005.
#       \url{http://www.affymetrix.com/support/developer/}
# }
#
# @keyword "file"
# @keyword "IO"
#*/#########################################################################
